Good morning, family. I'm excited
to be able to come on today and
introduce to you
my wife, Diana. We've been married for
22 years. I'm really excited;
she's been the person in the
background. She's the one that
reads all the emails and
comments to me, and she's helping respond.
She's been a real big part of this,
and we just want to say thank you
for all the financial blessings
you've given our family and for the support—the
likes and shares.
YouTube's really tried to
suppress my videos lately. We can
see on our little chart what they've
done, and my videos are just being
seen by you all. So, I just wanted to
say thank you for sharing my stuff and for helping
support getting the gospel out
there, telling people that Jesus
Christ loves them. We're just so
honored and thankful for all that you've
done for us. Diana, do
you have anything you want to say? "No, I
just wanted to say thank you for all
your support. We enjoy reading your
comments.
We always read them, and if we don't
respond, just know that we're always
praying over you. Everything that we
read, we're bringing it to God in prayer.
So, I just wanted to say thank you and we
appreciate you so much for blessing
our family and for all the likes and
the subscribers.
We love you."We
just want to say thank you,
definitely. I was praying about the
border and all the things going on there: the sex
trafficking, the
drugs, and all the evil that's going on
down there. The Lord said to me,
"Brandon, I'm going to tell you something.
What the devil meant for bad through the
Democratic Party and all that they do
by having these open borders—the hundreds of thousands of
people flooding
over—you
don't need to worry about
that,
for I have a plan."I was like,
"Oh, wow."He said, "Brandon,
what the devil meant for bad, I'm going to
turn it around for good. These
people are searching for the
American Dream.
There's a lot of evil coming across the
border also, not just innocent people
that are wanting a new life. There
are
terrorist elements and bad
stuff happening, but Brandon,
there's a great revival that's about to
hit this nation and the world.
It's coming.
These people that are coming are going to
get caught up in this great
outpouring of my Spirit on this nation,
and there's going to be a great harvest of souls at the Southern Border."He said there's going to be a great move of
God on
the Southern Border,
with
healings and restoration in people's
lives. He said, "Just get ready.
Don't worry about it.
My Son's return is right at the door.
You're thinking
too small. Do you realize what's about to
happen? A powerful move of my
Spirit is about to hit this Earth.
Don't worry about all that fleshly
stuff; there's going to be a great
outpouring of my Spirit upon this Earth
like never before."He said, "Brandon,
don't worry about all that stuff.
I'm going to turn it
around for good in my
favor.
Watch what I'm about to do on
the Southern Border."A great revival
is about to break forth.
He said, "Remember this: if
the devil would have known what was
going to happen with Jesus, they
wouldn't have crucified Him. Remember
this: if the devil would have
known what was going to happen on the
Southern Border with the revival
that's about to break forth, he said he wouldn't have
done this either. I'm going to turn it around, son. Watch."Whenever he said that, I felt the power of God all over me. He said, "I'm
going to turn it around.
There's going to be all this drug
trafficking, all this drug trafficking.
Watch what happens."God's coming on the
scene. He's going to show up and
embarrass the devil again.
They're not going to be able to cover it up—CNN,
Fox, all these people—they're
going to see it and ask,
"What is going on
down there?"because a
great move of God is about to pour out
even on the Southern Border, all
throughout Texas, Mexico,
Arizona, and
California. Get ready!
A great revival is coming, and
it's going to start on the
Southern Border, too.
There's not a devil in hell that can
stop what God's about to do.
It's going to
be like popcorn, and
Jesus is going to do it.
I just
want to encourage you because I know a
lot of people have been in fear of
Al-Qaeda and whoever else is coming
across. We hear all this stuff
on the news about what's going on
with these children, but God's
fixing to put an end to all that.
He's going to move in a great, mighty way
in these last days. So, get excited
about what God is getting ready to do. Pray and
send laborers across their path.
It's going to be one of
the glory spots. I know
that God is fixing—He said He's up to
something
big. Get ready for something big, family.
A lot of people ask me
about prayer tips.
The Bible says, "If ye
abide in me and my words abide in you, ye
shall ask what you will and it shall
be done."You need to get that
scripture down inside
you.
The Word needs to back your
prayer to get the
manifestation
you're looking for. A
lot of people start praying with
doubt and unbelief, but
the Word backing your prayer moves your
mountain and takes
things
out of the way.
And if you're men, if you're not
honoring your wives, it talks about
your prayers being hindered.
I'm going to put that scripture here in
the description. So you need to get
strife out of your home
and
get that Word down inside
your heart so you pray the scriptures.
Then, you need to take the "care"out
of your prayer. You've got to take
the care out of your prayer because it
hinders things. "Be
careful for nothing."You don't need to
take the care on it. For
example, I was praying
over my daughter, Megan, taking on the care
of all the stuff
she's going through.
Fear was
trying to hit me about the future. the
devil
always tries to come and speak:
"What are you going to do now? What
are you going to
do about your little girl when she gets
older? What happens when
you go home to be with the
Lord? She's going to be left here by
herself."All
this doubt and unbelief was
continually nagging at me:
fear, fear, fear. Fear tolerated is faith
contaminated. You've got to
cast down fear
because it will rob you of your faith.
Perfect love casteth out all fear. If
you're walking in fear and in torment,
fear has torment, and he that feareth is
not made perfect in love.
You can't allow him to build a
stronghold in your thought life.
Cast those thoughts down.
Get the Word of God and say, "Devil, I
doubt your doubt!
You're not going to
speak your unbelief into
my head. Take that
back to hell where you came from.
I'm walking in love.""Father, I thank you that you love me enough. You
love
Megan
and you have a
plan for her life. I thank you that your
Word says that by the stripes of Jesus, Megan is
healed. You have a perfect plan
for my baby,
and I'm not going to worry about her future anymore."If you
take it
on,
you may be laying in bed dying of
an
incurable disease, and
the care and fear try to rise up on
the inside of you, trying to rob you of
your faith. You've got to speak to those
circumstances and realize
that even in the last seconds,
God can still turn it.
All things are
possible to him who believes.
Faith will move your mountain. I'm
telling you, just believe and
stand.
Never give up. Even when
I deal with it, he tries
to drive me: "What are you
going to do now?
You don't have
any money saved back for her for going in a
home that's going to cost
you hundreds of thousands of dollars
a year."I say,
"It's not my problem, devil. My God's got
this. He's big, and He's going to turn it
around for me."And you know what? I was
praying, like I said, I was just interceding
and the Lord spoke to me. He said, 'Brandon,
do you know what? There will be a
generation, son, that doesn't ever taste
death,
and you're that generation.
You're never going to see or taste death.'He
said, 'My son is coming.
My son is coming. I've got this. Cast your
care, Brandon. Cast it. Cast your care.
Don't take the care anymore.
Take the care out of your prayer.
I've got you.'And
when he said that,
peace flooded my heart and I said, 'Lord, I
trust you.'Trust
in the Lord with all your heart
and lean not unto thy own understanding,
but in all thy ways acknowledge Him and
He shall direct your path.
Trust in Him. He's got you. He loves you.
He's never going to let
you down. He's going to carry you through
your trials. He's going to carry you
through the tribulations, just like he's
done for me. I am just human, y'all.
Everybody was asking for prayer,
and everybody's asking me for
healing and for all this stuff. I
don't control the switch; Jesus does. But
the same Jesus that lives in me
lives in you.
You have the same power and authority
living on the inside of you that
lives in me. Greater is He that is in me
than he that is in the world. Greater is He
that is in you than he that is in the
world.
Jesus lives on the inside of you.
It doesn't take me to pray for you; you can
pray for yourself. You have that
authority that dwells on the inside of
you. You can speak to your mountain and
it will hear you, and it will depart and be
cast into the sea. It will depart
from you and be cast into the sea. You
have mountain-moving faith on the inside
of you.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by
the word of God. That's the same way I
got it. I don't have
Superman faith. I have faith that has
been consistent. It's like going to the
gym. You go and you lift
the weights.
You're working out, and you may see small
results. You may see a little bit
here and there, but I've seen people
that are huge bodybuilders and you know
how they got there? Not by one time going
to the gym, not by two times going to the
gym, but consistency
is what brings the results.
When you are consistent with the word of
God, when you get the word of God inside
of you and it's consistency
every day—every day you're hitting it—you
know those divots in
the caves, or the little water dripping
on the rock, and all of a
sudden over the course of time it
creates a crater inside of it. That's
what happens when you keep
the word inside of you. Like a little
drip, you keep it in there. If your flesh
wants to eat three times a day—breakfast,
lunch, and dinner—you should feed your
spirit some kind of food at least twice
a day. Get something on the inside of you.
How desperate are you for change in your
life?
People say, 'Oh, I need change in my life.
I'm spiritually drained. I'm spiritually
going through all this
stuff.'How
desperate are you for that change? You've
got to be desperate. You've got to be
like a bulldog on a bone. You've got to say,
'I'm not going to give up until I get my
miracle. I'm not giving up until I get a
touch from the Lord.
I want to hear you, Father.'I'm
telling you, I'm not
anything special; I've just been diligent.
I just go and I get in the word.
I've been desperate. When a man
can hardly read or write or do anything
and you see other men
that are able to
provide for their families and take care
of their families, it's very
humbling to me
because I want to be that. And so I've
had to press in even harder because of
the learning problems that I've dealt
with. I'm getting in the word, saying, 'God,
show me how to take care of my family.
Show me what to do.'I
know that you're the provider. I know
you're the one that provides all my
needs according to your riches in glory.
But Father, I thank you that you
said you blessed my hands
and anything I put my hands to, I will
prosper. So I get in those words, I find
things, I ask Him, 'Father, show me what to
invest in. Show me what to do.'I look for
Him every day, all day long. 'God, what do
you have for me today?'Wake up every day anticipating,
'What's on your agenda
for my life? Not my agenda, but what's on
your agenda? What do you want me to do
today, Lord?'A lot of you might have
to go to work from eight to five,
but you can still seek Him for
what's going on in
your life. 'Lord, I thank you. I
submit myself unto you. I just listen to
you, God. I thank you. I'm desperate. I'm
hungry, Father. Speak to me. Show me the
hidden things.'Father, I pray
Ephesians 1:18 over my mind: 'let the eyes
of my understanding be enlightened, let
me know the hope of my calling.'Show me, God, show me what
you have for me
today. When you get desperate for
God, it says those that seek Me
will find Me. But He wants to see how
hungry you are. He wants to see how
desperate you are, because whenever you
get desperate and you get hungry and you
start seeking Him, God shows up. But I'm
going to tell you this: I go to Him a lot
of times with singing. Last time when
I sang those songs in the
last video, that was the first time for
me to ever sing in public
to anybody other than my wife and my
children.
I sing all the time.
Praise brings the presence down. Praise
does. That's a key of
spiritual warfare: worship. When you
get in there with thanksgiving... I enter
into His courts with thanksgiving in my
heart;
I enter His courts with praise. I thank
Him. I thank Him for the electric. Thank
Him for your water. Thank Him for the
food you ate. Take time to thank Him and
worship Him for everything you have. I
sit there, and in my prayer time, even
when my son and my wife were all praying,
I just take a moment. It may be ten percent
of the prayer: 'God, I just want to
tell you thank you for what you provided
for me today. Thank you for the clothes
on my back. Thank you for the shoes on
my feet. Thank you, Father, that I have air
in my lungs. Thank you, Lord, that we're
healed. Thank you, Lord, my children are whole.
Thank you, Lord, for the blessing
of the trees. Thank you, Lord, for my
grass out front. Thank you, Lord, for
the flowers, for the birds, for
my dogs, for my chickens,
for everything you've given me.
God, you've
been so good to
me.'You've
got to get praise down
inside of your heart. If you want a
manifestation of the glory of God in
your house, you've got to be grateful for
what He's done for you,
because He's no respecter of persons. And
if He's going to be good to me, He'll be
good to you. I'm telling you, God isn't going to
look at me in any other special
way than you.
I just take time to worship Him. A lot of
people are lazy. They don't want to go
out to the spiritual gym.
I think it
sucks to run on a treadmill, but
some people enjoy it. I don't. But I
enjoy going to the spiritual gym.
I like to see the things in the
spirit. I like to see angels. I like to
see those things. But I'm going to tell
you all, I never pursued one time for an
angel encounter. I never pursued one time
for a Jesus encounter that I've had, or
any kind of manifestation. I just seek
His face. If you
seek His face, you
can have it. If you seek Him, you can have
what's in His hand.
If you seek what's in His hand—His
provision—you
don't want to do that. You want to seek Him.
You want to seek His face.
He's not looking for a handout God.
'I thank you that you give me
this stuff,'and you're always coming to
Him whining. He knows what you have need
of. He knows you're hurting. If
you have something going on in your life,
come to Him in worship.
Come to just sing Him a song. 'Lord, I just
want to sing you a song.'And I just start
singing Him a song. 'You are beautiful
beyond description.'You
just start singing to Him.
'Father, I stand, I stand in awe of you.'Just
start singing to Him.
'I stand, I stand in awe of you,
holy God to whom all
praise is due.
I stand in awe of you.'Worship
Him. Worship Him. I start
feeling His presence; He starts filling
the house. 'Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Oh,
you're worthy. Oh, you're worthy, Lord.
You're worthy to be
praised.'God,
thank you, Jesus. And the more you do that,
the more you practice His presence, the
more He starts to come
and the more He feels comfortable being
around you. The Holy Spirit's a gentleman.
He is not going to force Himself on you.
He goes where He's invited.
People, you need to understand:
He loves each and every single one of us.
He loves us and He wants to come and be
in your house, but a lot of times the
atmosphere is not conducive for Him
because you've got all kinds of trash
going on in your home.
I'm telling you: make the atmosphere
perfect,
make the house perfect
in the spirit realm by worship. He loves
worship. Worship Him, and I'm telling you
He'll come in your house and abide with
you. And He's great; He'll come. You'll be in
there, and all of a sudden you start
worshiping the Lord. Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Oh Lord, I praise You!
They don't have to be anything serious;
just sing to Him: 'Oh God, You're so good
to me, thank You for all You've done.'And
you start worshiping Him,
and I'm telling you—I've said it before—when
you get real, God has to get real
with you. And so, you know, I really
thought that these prayer tips
might help you. This is a walk; this is a
way of life for me. This is how I live my
life. I stay in an attitude of gratitude.
I take the care out of my prayer. I try
so hard to not let the devil come in
with thoughts of fear. I feed on the word.
Get in the word—priority number one
above all of it. Get in the word. If you
abide in Me and My words abide in you,
you shall ask what you will and it shall
be done. Remember that; get that down on
the inside of you. You've got to get that
down, and it has to be a
foundation of a rock—a rock-solid
foundation of the word inside of you.
Build your house on that so that
when the winds and the waves and
the storms come, it's not able to knock
your house down. Remember that the devil
always comes to kill, steal, and destroy,
but you've just got to get the word down
inside of you. And He that dwells in the
secret place of the Most High shall
abide in the shadow of the Almighty. Stay
in that secret place;
stay in that secret place of the shadow
of the Almighty today. I love you guys.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart, and I just thank you for
being with my family here. If you all
could please like and share this video,
it really helps me to get the word out,
to get the gospel out. I just want to
tell you: Jesus loves you today. He loves
you so much;
I hope you realize that.
Thank you for being a part of my family. God
bless you and have a good day.